Update java.md (#23576)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/enabling/tracing_libraries/code_security/java.md

   {{< /tabs >}}

4. Restart your service.

> 5. To see Code Security in action, browse your service and code-level vulnerabilities will appear in the [Vulnerability Explorer][4]. The `SOURCE` column shows the Code value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To see Code Security in action, browse your service and find code-level vulnerabilities in the [Vulnerability Explorer][4]. The `SOURCE` column shows the Code value.
```
